#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.piptools
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   uvicorn
dnspython==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.1.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.piptools
fastapi==0.109.2
    # via -r requirements.piptools
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.piptools
httpx==0.26.0
    # via -r requirements.piptools
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.piptools
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.piptools
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   jinja2
orjson==3.9.13
    # via -r requirements.piptools
packaging==23.2
    # via pytest
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
pydantic==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.16.2
    # via pydantic
pytest==8.0.0
    # via pytest-mock
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements.piptools
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.piptools
python-multipart==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.piptools
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.piptools
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
starlette==0.36.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   fastapi
tinydb==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.piptools
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.piptools
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
ujson==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements.piptools
uvicorn==0.27.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.piptools
watchfiles==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.piptools
websockets==12.0
    # via -r requirements.piptools
